Docathon Tutorial Integration (#181)
stackabletech/documentation: modules/tutorials/pages/end-to-end_data_pipeline_example.adoc

There is no need to install multiple ZooKeeper clusters, as NiFi, Kafka and Druid can share the same cluster via provisioning a ZNode per backed service.

[source,bash]
helm install zookeeper-operator stackable-stable/zookeeper-operator

==== Kafka Operator

Kafka will be used by NiFi to publish the individual records from the S3 data to.

[source,bash]
helm install kafka-operator stackable-stable/kafka-operator

==== NiFi Operator

NiFi is an ETL tool which will be used to model the dataflow of downloading and splitting files from S3.
It will also be used to convert the file content from CSV to JSON.

[source,bash]
helm install --repo https://repo.stackable.tech/repository/helm-test nifi-operator nifi-operator --version=0.6.0-pr251

NOTE: You need the PR version which has increased PVC sizes and heap memory. This will be merged soon.
Apply the Kafka custom resource (https://github.com/stackabletech/kafka-operator/blob/main/examples/simple-kafka-cluster.yaml)

=== Deploying Kafka and NiFi

> // TODO: the tutorial should be self contained, in the other sections everythin is directly inside of the tutorial

Reviewer: Can be removed?

This canvas is the main place where you will interact with NiFi. You can drag processors on here, configure them as needed and connect these processors to create a flow that offers the processing that you need.

NOTE: As this guide is not intended to be a NiFi guide most of NiFi's features will be glossed over and only very brief instructions provided on what needs to be done to get the flow up and running.

A template for a flow for this tutorial is provided link:{attachmentsdir}/s3-kafka.xml[here]. Download the template.

In order to upload the template to NiFi, click on the _upload template_ button in the UI and specify the appropriate file.

image::end-to-end_data_pipeline_example/nifi-uploadtemplate.png[Upload template to NiFi]

To deploy the template as a flow you need to click on the _template_ button in NiFis main menu.

image::end-to-end_data_pipeline_example/nifi-createtemplate.png[Create flow from template]

After you have done this, you should be presented with a simple flow on your canvas that is almost ready to start processing data.
The only thing that still needs doing is to enable some https://nifi.apache.org/docs.html[ControllerServices] used by the processors.

> To get to these services you can right click on the https://nifi.apache.org/docs.html[SplitRecord] processor, go to the _properties_ tab and click on one of the small arrows next to the _Record Reader_ and _Record Writer_ options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get to these services you can right-click on the https://nifi.apache.org/docs.html[SplitRecord] processor, go to the _properties_ tab and click on one of the small arrows next to the _Record Reader_ and _Record Writer_ options.
```

image::end-to-end_data_pipeline_example/nifi-controllerservices.png[Configure controller services]

> On the controller page you then need to enable all three services by clicking on the small lightning symbol next to every service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the controller page, enable all three services by clicking on the small lightning symbol next to every service.
```

You will be presented with a confirmation dialog but no further action should be needed here.

image::end-to-end_data_pipeline_example/nifi-enablecontroller.png[Enable controller services]

Once this is done return to the main canvas and you are ready to start your flow and get data going.

> To start the entire flow make sure that you don't have any processors selected by simply clicking on the emtpy canvas anywhere.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start the entire flow make sure that you do not have any processors selected by simply clicking on the empty canvas anywhere.
```

If you click the start button now, NiFi will start all processors and data should start flowing through and end up in the pre-configured Kafka topic.

> NOTE: The flow in its packaged form has been restricted to only download a small subset of the yellow cab dataset, as the full size data is fairly large.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: The flow in its packaged form has been restricted to only download a small subset of the yellow taxi dataset, as the full size data is fairly large.
```

If you have the capacity to process all data you can remove this restriction in the _prefix_ property of the https://nifi.apache.org/docs.html[ListS3] processor, as shown in the screenshot below.

image::end-to-end_data_pipeline_example/nifi-prefix.png[Download filter]

If you change the highlighted value to `trip data/yellow_tripdata_` all data for yellow cabs will be downloaded.

== Druid

> Now that the cab data has been read from S3, processed in NiFi and written to a Kafka topic, you can read from that Kafka topic to ingest the data into a Druid data set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that the taxi data has been read from S3, processed in NiFi and written to a Kafka topic, you can read from that Kafka topic to ingest the data into a Druid data set.
```

> You will set up the Operator and some Dependencies, provision a Druid cluster and then do the data ingestion from Kafka into Druid - first through the Druid web interface and then from the command line.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will set up the Operator and some dependencies, provision a Druid cluster and then do the data ingestion from Kafka into Druid - first through the Druid web interface and then from the command line.
```

=== Deploy the Stackable Druid Operator

Like the other Operators, the Druid Operator is easily installed with Helm:

[source,bash]
helm install druid-operator stackable-stable/druid-operator

=== Set up dependencies

While the Operator can already run, Druid itself needs an SQL database for metadata and either HDFS or an S3 object storage for deep storage of data segments. It also needs a ZooKeeper instance for the individual processes to communicate with each other.

==== Metadata

For the Metadata you will use a PostgreSQL database installed with the bitnami Helm Chart:

[source,bash]
helm install postgresql-druid \
    --repo https://charts.bitnami.com/bitnami postgresql \
    --set auth.username=druid \
    --set auth.password=druid \
    --set auth.database=druid \
    --version 11.0.0

> The database name, as well as user and password are all `druid`, you will need these later when configuring our cluster to use the database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The database name, as well as user and password are all `druid`, you will need these later when configuring the Druid cluster to use the database.
```

==== Deep storage

> Druid requires a backing storage (so called Deep-Storage) where data - partitioned by date or time - is persisted as immutable segments. Druid can use either local storage (only appropriate for stand-alone testing - i.e. all druid components run on the same machine), S3 or HDFS. In this guide you will use S3, specifically MinIO which is an S3-implementation suitable for low-footprint scenarios. Deploy a MinIO instance to use as our deep storage, using the MinIO Helm chart:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Druid requires a backing storage (so called Deep-Storage) where data - partitioned by date or time - is persisted as immutable segments. Druid can use either local storage (only appropriate for stand-alone testing - i.e. all druid components run on the same machine), S3 or HDFS. In this guide you will use S3, specifically MinIO which is an S3-implementation suitable for low-footprint scenarios. Deploy a MinIO instance to use as the Druid deep storage, using the MinIO Helm chart:
```

    roleGroups:
      default:
        selector:
          matchLabels:
            kubernetes.io/os: linux
        config: {}
        replicas: 1
  routers:
    configOverrides:
      runtime.properties:
        druid.s3.enablePathStyleAccess: "true"
    roleGroups:
      default:
        selector:
          matchLabels:
            kubernetes.io/os: linux
        config: {}
        replicas: 1
EOF

Note that all the dependencies you set up above are referenced in the cluster definition:

<1> ZooKeeper Druid ZNode
<2> PostgreSQL access
<3> MinIO credentials secret

=== Data ingestion

There are different ways to get data into Druid, all of which will use a `POST` of a Druid-compatible ingestion specification. This tutorial guides you through two ways of doing this, either directly in the Druid UI, or - this is e.g. useful if the job is to be repeated - by extracting the ingestion specification into a JSON file and issuing a curl from the command line (some of what follows is also covered in more depth in the official Druid documentation, but is mentioned here for the sake of completeness).

==== Ingestion with the Druid web interface

> The Druid web interface is accessible on the Router Pod of our cluster. The Operator created a Service for the Router, from which you port-forward the Port 8888 where the web interface is served:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Druid web interface is accessible on the Router Pod of the Druid cluster. The Operator created a Service for the Router, from which you port-forward the Port 8888 where the web interface is served:
```

image::end-to-end_data_pipeline_example/druid-datasources.png[Datasources]

To display data from the data source, use the SQL editor under the “Query” tab:

image::end-to-end_data_pipeline_example/druid-query.png[Query screen]

==== Ingestion with `curl`

An ingestion job can also be started from the commandline, using a JSON specification and curl to submit it. In this example, the JSON specification file is  `/tmp/kafka-ingestion-spec.json`.

As before, issue a port-forwarding command to access the Druid from outside the Kubernetes cluster; but now for the coordinator instead of the router:

[source]
kubectl port-forward svc/druid-nytaxidata-coordinator 8081

Again, keep this command running to keep the port forwarded.

Now, issue a HTTP POST request via curl, referencing the JSON specification file:

[source]
curl -X POST -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d @/tmp/kafka-ingestion-spec.json http://localhost:8081/druid/indexer/v1/supervisor

This should yield a status code of 200 with a response of `{"id":"nytaxidata"}`.

> NOTE: You have extracted our ingestion specification from the UI, where the data source was created as part of the process, but you could also run this job without an existing data source, as the job will create it if needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: You have extracted the ingestion specification from the UI, where the data source was created as part of the process, but you could also run this job without an existing data source, as the job will create it if needed.
```

kind: SupersetCluster
metadata:
  name: simple-superset
spec:
  version: 1.4.1  # <1>
  statsdExporterVersion: v0.22.4
  credentialsSecret: simple-superset-credentials  # <2>
  nodes:
    roleGroups:
      default:
        config:
EOF

<1> This is the version of Superset used for this instance. You can find the Superset versions supported by Stackable in the xref:superset::index.adoc[Superset Operator documentation].
<2> This is the reference to the Secret you created earlier.

On the first deployment of the Superset cluster, the Operator will also initialize the database. Once the database is initialized, you can connect to the cluster.

You can verify that the database is up and running with this command:

[source]
kubectl get statefulset superset-postgresql -o \
jsonpath='{.status.readyReplicas}'

It should return `1`.

==== Set up port forwarding for the Superset web interface

You can also connect to the Superset UI:

[source]
kubectl port-forward service/simple-superset-external 8088

And now point your browser to `http://localhost:8088/` and you will see the login screen of Superset:

image::end-to-end_data_pipeline_example/superset-login.png[Login]

> Here you can login with your admin user; if you have not chosen different credentials, the ones used above are username `admin` and password `admin`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here you can log in with your admin user; if you have not chosen different credentials, the ones used above are username `admin` and password `admin`.
```

=== Query Druid from Superset

Now that Druid and Superset are running, it is time to connect the two. The Superset Operator can take care of that. Deploy a `DruidConnection` resource:

[source]
cat <<EOF | kubectl apply -f -
apiVersion: superset.stackable.tech/v1alpha1
kind: DruidConnection
metadata:
  name: superset-druid-connection
spec:
  superset:
    name: simple-superset  # <1>
    namespace: default
  druid:
    name: druid-nytaxidata  # <2>
    namespace: default
EOF

> <1> The name of our Superset cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> The name of the Superset cluster
```

<2> The name of the Druid cluster

The Operator will create a job that adds this connection to the Superset cluster.

> You can now find our Druid cluster as a data source in Superset. In the menu, under `Data` > `Databases` you should see the Druid cluster:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now find the Druid cluster as a data source in Superset. In the menu, under `Data` > `Databases` you should see the Druid cluster:
```

It will also be used to convert the file content from CSV to JSON.

[source,bash]
helm install --repo https://repo.stackable.tech/repository/helm-test nifi-operator nifi-operator --version=0.6.0-pr251

NOTE: We need the PR version which has increased PVC sizes and heap memory.
Apply the Kafka custom resource (https://github.com/stackabletech/kafka-operator/blob/main/examples/simple-kafka-cluster.yaml)

=== Deploying Kafka and NiFi
// TODO: the tutorial should be self contained, in the other sections everythin is directly inside of the tutorial

For the purposes of this use case, no special config is required, so we can simply deploy the examples straight from the operator repositories.
These files are designed to be self-contained, so for example the NiFi example also contains the necessary ZooKeeper cluster definition.

[source,bash]
kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/stackabletech/kafka-operator/main/examples/simple-kafka-cluster.yaml
kubectl apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/stackabletech/nifi-operator/main/examples/simple-nifi-cluster.yaml

The Nifi installation will take several minutes due to the size of the images.

> === Processing the Data and Writing to Kafka

Author: I'd leave nouns and verbs capitalized in headings

> === Processing the Data and Writing to Kafka

Author: I take it back, i've checked the kubernetes docs and found also this https://developers.google.com/style/capitalization , I'll use sentence style capitalization for headings

> === Processing the Data and Writing to Kafka

Reviewer: Yeah we probably need some style documents ourselves.

image::end-to-end_data_pipeline_example/nifi-enablecontroller.png[Enable controller services]

Once this is done return to the main canvas and you are ready to start your flow and get data going.
To start the entire flow make sure that you don't have any processors selected by simply clicking on the emtpy canvas anywhere.
If you click the start button now, NiFi will start all processors and data should start flowing through and end up in the pre-configured Kafka topic.

NOTE: The flow in its packaged form has been restricted to only download a small subset of the yellow cab dataset, as the full size data is fairly large.
If you have the capacity to process all data you can remove this restriction in the _prefix_ property of the https://nifi.apache.org/docs.html[ListS3] processor, as shown in the screenshot below.

image::end-to-end_data_pipeline_example/nifi-prefix.png[Download filter]

If you change the highlighted value to `trip data/yellow_tripdata_` all data for yellow cabs will be downloaded.

== Druid

Now that the cab data has been read from S3, processed in NiFi and written to a Kafka topic, we can read from that Kafka topic to ingest the data into a Druid data set.

> We will set up the Operator and some Dependencies, provision a Druid cluster and then do the data ingestion from Kafka into Druid - first through the Druid web interface and then from the command line.

Author: Operator is a Kubernetes term like Secret or Pod, so that is capitalized. dependencies should not be capitalized, I'll fix that!

==== Deep Storage

Druid requires a backing storage (so called Deep-Storage) where data - partitioned by date or time - is persisted as immutable segments. Druid can use either local storage (only appropriate for stand-alone testing - i.e. all druid components run on the same machine), S3 or HDFS. In this guide we will use S3, specifically MinIO which is an S3-implementation suitable for low-footprint scenarios. We deploy a MinIO instance to use as our deep storage, using the MinIO Helm chart:

[source,bash]
helm install minio --set resources.requests.memory=8Gi --set mode=standalone --set replicas=1  --set persistence.enabled=false  --set "buckets[0].name=nytaxidata,buckets[0].policy=none" --set "users[0].accessKey=minioAccessKey,users[0].secretKey=minioSecretKey,users[0].policy=readwrite" --repo https://charts.min.io/ minio

[NOTE]
====
* we are specifying a memory allocation of 8GB as Min-IO will use 16GB by default.
====

The access credentials `minioAccessKey` and `minioSecretKey` given above will be reused further down in a Secret read by Druid to access the MinIO object storage.

==== ZooKeeper

> We already installed the ZooKeeper Operator and set up a cluster when we set up NiFi and Kafka. Now all we need to do, is deploying a dedicated ZNode for Druid to use to ensure no Druid properties collide with other properties written to ZooKeeper. We simply deploy a ZNode resource:

Reviewer: I sometimes saw Kafka operator, ZooKeeper Operator. With the product name i think we can capitalize the "operator". Otherwise i would tend for lower case. And it should be consistent.

[source]
cat <<EOF | kubectl apply -f -
apiVersion: zookeeper.stackable.tech/v1alpha1
kind: ZookeeperZnode
metadata:
  name: simple-druid-znode # <2>
spec:
  clusterRef:
    name: simple-zk
EOF

=== Deploying the Druid Cluster

> Now that the Operator and Dependencies are set up, we can deploy our cluster. The credentials for the MinIO instance are not written directly into the cluster resource, but in a dedicated Secret which is then referenced in the cluster resource:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that the operator and dependencies are set up, we can deploy our cluster. The credentials for the MinIO instance are not written directly into the cluster resource, but in a dedicated Secret which is then referenced in the cluster resource:
```
For Secret i am not sure. I would write it lower case unless you refer to some `Secret` class.

      runtime.properties:
        druid.s3.enablePathStyleAccess: "true"
    roleGroups:
      default:
        selector:
          matchLabels:
            kubernetes.io/os: linux
        config: {}
        replicas: 1
  routers:
    configOverrides:
      runtime.properties:
        druid.s3.enablePathStyleAccess: "true"
    roleGroups:
      default:
        selector:
          matchLabels:
            kubernetes.io/os: linux
        config: {}
        replicas: 1
EOF

Note that all the dependencies we defined above are referenced in the cluster definition:

<1> ZooKeeper Druid ZNode
<2> PostgreSQL access
<3> MinIO credentials secret

=== Data Ingestion

There are different ways to get data into Druid, all of which will use a `POST` of a Druid-compatible ingestion specification. Here we will document two ways of doing this, either directly in the Druid UI, or - this is e.g. useful if the job is to be repeated - by extracting the ingestion specification into a JSON file and issuing a curl from the command line (some of what follows is also covered in more depth in the official Druid documentation, but is mentioned here for the sake of completeness).

==== Using the Druid UI

> The Druid web interface is accessible on the Router pod of our cluster. The operator created a Service for the Router, from which we can port-forward the Port 8888 where the web interface is served:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Druid web interface is accessible on the Router pod of our cluster. The operator created a Service for the Router, from which we can port-forward the port 8888 where the web interface is served:
```
Normally service would be lower case as well, but if it reflects the Kubernetes `Service` thats ok.

[source,bash]
kubectl port-forward svc/druid-nytaxidata-router 8888

Keep this command running to continue accessing the Router port locally.

The UI should now be reachable at http://localhost:8888 and should look like the screenshot below. We will start with the “Load Data” option:

image::end-to-end_data_pipeline_example/druid-main.png[Main Screen]

Select "Apache Kafka" and then "Connect Data" at the right of the screen, entering the following in the two available fields:

- Bootstrap servers: `simple-kafka:9092`
- Topic: `nytaxidata`

Then select "Start of stream" and then "Apply":

image::end-to-end_data_pipeline_example/druid-connect.png[Connect to Kafka]

At the bottom right of the screen click through

- “Parse Data”, “Parse Time”, “Transform”, “Filter”, “Configure Schema”

without changing anything. At the next step - “Partition” - select `day` for the granularity:

image::end-to-end_data_pipeline_example/druid-partition.png[Partition]

> Then click on “Tune”. At this point we tell Druid how to manage the Kafka offsets. As this is the initial read action we have to choose “True” so that Kafka starts at the earliest possible offset (subsequent reads will pick up from the last offset that Druid has cached internally):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then click on “Tune”. At this point we instruct Druid on how to manage the Kafka offsets. As this is the initial read action we have to choose “True” so that Kafka starts at the earliest possible offset (subsequent reads will pick up from the last offset that Druid has cached internally):
```

image::end-to-end_data_pipeline_example/druid-tuning.png[Offsets]

Click through “Publish” to show “Edit spec”. At this point we have a complete ingestion job specification in JSON format:

image::end-to-end_data_pipeline_example/druid-jobspec.png[Ingestion-spec]

> At this point we can just click on the final step on the bottom (“Submit”) and the job will start running - since the job is a streaming job it will wait for fresh Kafka data in the specified topic and ingest it into Druid. However, before we do that, save the JSON specification in a separate file (e.g. `/tmp/kafka-ingestion-spec.json`) as we will also show how to start this job from the command line using `curl`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now click on the final step on the bottom (“Submit”) and the job will start running - since the job is a streaming job it will wait for fresh Kafka data in the specified topic and ingest it into Druid. However, before we do that, save the JSON specification in a separate file (e.g. `/tmp/kafka-ingestion-spec.json`) as we will also show how to start this job from the command line using `curl`.
```

Back at the screen, click on “Submit” - the ingestion job will be started, which will take a few moments. As mentioned already, we are starting a streaming job, so it will continue to run in the background (i.e. the status remains `RUNNING`):

image::end-to-end_data_pipeline_example/druid-task.png[Task]

The magnifying glass icon shows metadata such as logs, spec-definition etc:

image::end-to-end_data_pipeline_example/druid-running.png[Running job]

> Once the ingestion job has been started, Druid monitors the relevant Kafka topic for changes and ingest new data, persisting it in its deep storage. It can take a few moments for the first segments to be ready (and a bit longer until they are published as immutable segments in deep storage). The streaming job will stay at RUNNING until such time as it is stopped. The datasource is visible under the “Datasources” tab, where the individual segments - partitioned by time slice - can also be examined:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the ingestion job has been started, Druid monitors the relevant Kafka topic for changes and ingest new data, persisting it in its deep storage. It can take a few moments for the first segments to be ready (and a bit longer until they are published as immutable segments in deep storage). The streaming job will stay at RUNNING until is stopped manually. The datasource is visible under the “Datasources” tab, where the individual segments - partitioned by time slice - can also be examined:
```

    --set auth.username=superset \
    --set auth.password=superset \
    --set auth.database=superset \
    --version 11.0.0

Next we create a secret with the database credentials in it, in the key `connections.sqlalchemyDatabaseUri`. The secret also contains the information of the initial admin user:

[source]
cat <<EOF | kubectl apply -f -
apiVersion: v1
kind: Secret
metadata:
  name: simple-superset-credentials
type: Opaque
stringData:
  adminUser.username: admin
  adminUser.firstname: Superset
  adminUser.lastname: Admin
  adminUser.email: admin@superset.com
  adminUser.password: admin
  connections.secretKey: thisISaSECRET_1234
  connections.sqlalchemyDatabaseUri: postgresql://superset:superset@superset-postgresql.default.svc.cluster.local/superset
EOF

=== Deploy the Superset Cluster

Now we can deploy Superset:

[source]
cat <<EOF | kubectl apply -f -
apiVersion: superset.stackable.tech/v1alpha1
kind: SupersetCluster
metadata:
  name: simple-superset
spec:
  version: 1.4.1  # <1>
  statsdExporterVersion: v0.22.4
  credentialsSecret: simple-superset-credentials  # <2>
  nodes:
    roleGroups:
      default:
        config:
EOF

> <1> This is the version of Superset we want to use. You can find our supported Superset version in the xref:superset::index.adoc[Superset Operator documentation].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> This is the version of Superset we want to use. You can find the Superset versions supported by Stackable in the xref:superset::index.adoc[Superset Operator documentation].
```

<2> Here we reference our secret we created earlier.

On the first deployment of the Superset cluster, the operator will also initialize the database. Once the database is initialized, you can connect to the cluster.

You can verify that the database is up and running with this command:

[source]
kubectl get statefulset superset-postgresql -o \
jsonpath='{.status.readyReplicas}'

It should return `1`.

> ==== Setup Port-Forwarding for the Superset UI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==== Setup port forwarding for the Superset UI
```

You can also connect to the Superset UI:

[source]
kubectl port-forward service/simple-superset-external 8088

And now point your browser to `http://localhost:8088/` and you will see the login screen of Superset:

image::end-to-end_data_pipeline_example/superset-login.png[Login]

> Here you can login with your admin user; if you haven’t chosen different credentials, the ones used above are username `admin` and password `admin`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here you can login with your admin user; if you have not chosen different credentials, the ones used above are username `admin` and password `admin`.
```

=== Querying Druid from Superset

Now that we have Druid and Superset running, it is time to connect the two. The Superset operator can take care of that. We deploy a dedicated `DruidConnection` resource:

[source]
cat <<EOF | kubectl apply -f -
apiVersion: superset.stackable.tech/v1alpha1
kind: DruidConnection
metadata:
  name: superset-druid-connection
spec:
  superset:
    name: simple-superset  # <1>
    namespace: default
  druid:
    name: druid-nytaxidata  # <2>
    namespace: default
EOF

<1> The name of our Superset cluster
<2> The name of the Druid cluster

The operator will create a job that adds this connection to the Superset cluster.

> We can now find our Druid cluster as a data source in Superset. In the menu, under `Data` > `Databases` you should see the Druid cluster:

Reviewer: Sometimes data source or datasource.

Author: I changed it everywhere to data source.

image::end-to-end_data_pipeline_example/superset-databases.png[Databases]

NOTE: If you do not see your Druid instance, check the status on the `DruidConnection` you deployed (`superset-druid-connection`), it should be `Ready`.

> Now, to read the data from our Druid dataset, we need to create a dataset in Superset too, this is done under “Data” > “Datasets”:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to read the data from our Druid dataset, we need to create a dataset in Superset. This is done under “Data” > “Datasets”:
```

Reviewer: You like commas ;)
You can leave it i just find it destroys the flow of reading. 

2 extra commas for almost no added content (or sth that really has to be in that sentence). Keep sentences short and simple as far as possible! The tutorial is already pretty big, no need to complicate that with grammar. How about:
```
Now, to read the data from our Druid dataset, we need to create a dataset in Superset too. This is done under “Data” > “Datasets”:
```
or
```
Now, to read the data from our Druid dataset, we also need to create a dataset in Superset which is done under “Data” > “Datasets”:
```
